# GAN Project

This project focuses on building a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) to generate color images with a resolution of 100x100 pixels.

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Results](#results)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Introduction

Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) are a class of machine learning frameworks designed to generate new data samples. In this project, a GAN is trained to generate images with dimensions 100x100 and 3 color channels. The network is composed of a generator that creates images and a discriminator that distinguishes between real and generated images.

## Installation

To install the required dependencies, run the following commands in your terminal:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/gan-project.git
cd gan-project
pip install -r requirements.txt


Make sure you have Python and the necessary libraries (e.g., TensorFlow or PyTorch) installed.

Usage
After installing the dependencies, you can train the GAN model using the following command:
python train.py
Generated images will be saved in the outputs/ directory. To adjust hyperparameters such as batch size, number of epochs, or learning rate, modify the config.py file.

Results
Here are some sample images generated by the GAN after training:


You can view more results in the outputs/ directory.

Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Feel free to open issues or submit pull requests for bug fixes, improvements, or new features.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more details.

### Adding Images:
- Replace `/content/flowers-five-classes1/train` with the actual paths of your images in the repository.



